Add missing link to admin-guide on translations (#5665)
medusajs/medusa: www/apps/docs/content/admin/quickstart.mdx

Medusa supports multiple languages and translations.

> Refer to [this user guide](https://docs.medusajs.com/user-guide/users/profile#change-admin-language) to learn how to switch the language of the Medusa admin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [this user guide](../user-guide/users/profile.md#change-admin-language) to learn how to switch the language of the Medusa admin.
```
